.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.TH jistat 1 "$Date: 2018/06/24 16:50:15 $" "JMC" "Local Command"

.SH NAME
jistat - File Information
.SH SYNOPSIS
jistat [OPTIONS] FILE...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Display detail file status.
Will show File Type, Inode, Link Count,
Device, Access, Owner/group, Size and
Last Access, Modify and Change Dates.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.nf
-e file
.fi
Optional, Errors written to the file specified, defaults to stderr.
.TP
-f
Force file create.
Create file even if the target file exists.
.TP
-h
Show brief help and exit.
.TP
.nf
-o file
.fi
Optional, Write output to the file specified, defaults to stdout.
.TP
.nf
-v
.fi
Print headings before output of each file processed. 
Defaults to 'do not show file headings'.
.TP
-V
Output version information and exit.
.SH BUGS
Do not know of any.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
You may want to use stat or istat,
if available in your environment.
.SH ERROR-CODES
.nf
0 success
1 processing error or help/rev displayed
.fi
.SH SEE-ALSO
basename(1),
chmod(1),
dirname(1),
file(1),
istat(1),
l(1),
lc(1),
lf(1),
lr(1),
ls(1),
lstat(2),
lx(1),
readlink(2),
stat(1),
stat(2)
